DOCSP-30634 Mapping Rule Options Drawer (#21)
mongodb/docs-relational-migrator: source/mapping-rules/mapping-rule-options/embedded-array.txt

.. _rm-embedded-array:

==============
Embedded Array
==============

.. contents:: On this page
   :local:
   :backlinks: none
   :depth: 1
   :class: singlecol

The :guilabel:`Embedded array` mapping rule is an advanced mapping 

> rule option which must be explicitly added to a mapping model.

Reviewer: (nit)
Consider "... is an advanced mapping rule option. It must be ... "

About this Task
---------------

The :guilabel:`Embedded array` mapping rule is available if the relational
table it is mapping from is on the many side of the foreign key relationship. 

> The table which contains the primary key must also be mapped to a 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The table containing the primary key must also be mapped to a 
```

Author: Updated.

Example
-------

This section demonstrates the relational input and
the MongoDB output of the :guilabel:`Embedded array` mapping rule.

Embedded array
~~~~~~~~~~~~~~

In this example:

- An :guilabel:`Embedded Array` mapping rule is applied to the :guilabel:`Customer` table.
- The :guilabel:`Source table` is set to :guilabel:`Order`.
- The :guilabel:`Prefix` is set to :guilabel:`(root)`.
- The :guilabel:`Field Name` is set to :guilabel:`orders`.

Click the tabs below to see the input and output for this example:

.. tabs::

   .. tab:: Relational Input
      :tabid: Embedded-array-in

      ``Customer`` table:

      .. list-table::
         :header-rows: 1

         * - Id
           - Name
           - Address1
           - Address2
           - Address3
         * - 1
           - Joelynn Fawthrop
           - 86 Dwight Pass
           - Carregal
           - 3800-854

      ``Orders`` table:

      .. list-table::
         :header-rows: 1

         * - OrderID
           - CustomerID
           - TotalAmount
           - OrderStatusID
         * - 1
           - 1
           - 50.00
           - 1
         * - 4
           - 1
           - 500.00
           - 3

> 

Reviewer: (praise)
Really nice example here!
